add ARA dedupilcation doc (#6876)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting/prevent-duplication/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: 'Prevent duplication in reports'
subhead: >
  Learn how to prevent duplicates in both event-level and aggregatable reports.
description: >
  Learn how to prevent duplicates in both event-level and aggregatable reports.
date: 2023-03-06
updated: 2023-07-21
authors:
  - maudn
---

> 

Reviewer: I'd recommend adding an intro sentence before going straight into the subheadings. I believe the style guide discourages stacked headings too, but more importantly, I find it helpful when there's a sentence or two telling me what to expect from the content of the page.

Author: Added

## Ignore reports you've already received

When the browser retries sending reports due to network unavailability, it may send the same report multiple times.
To mitigate this:
* Upon receiving a report, check its `report_id`.

> * Ignore the report if you've already received a report with that same `report_id`.

Reviewer: These seem to be sequential? If so, they'd be in a numbered list.

Author: Ran inline. thanks!

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: 'Prevent duplication in reports'
subhead: >
  Learn how to prevent duplicates in both event-level and aggregatable reports.
description: >
  Learn how to prevent duplicates in both event-level and aggregatable reports.
date: 2023-03-06
updated: 2023-07-21
authors:
  - maudn
---

At times you may notice a specific conversion counted more than once, or a report sent multiple times. Here we discuss how you can find duplicate reports, and how you can prevent duplicate conversions from being counted.

## Ignore reports you've already received

When the browser retries sending reports due to network unavailability, it may send the same report multiple times.
To mitigate this:
* Upon receiving a report, check its `report_id`.
* Ignore the report if you've already received a report with that same `report_id`.

We recommend you check for duplicates of both event-level and aggregatable reports.

##  Instruct the browser to ignore specific conversions

> Through an unexpected user flow, a conversion may be counted more than once. Here's how this can happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through an unexpected user flow, a conversion may be counted more than once. The following example describes how this can happen:
```
